Hi there, I'm Dave Juergens once again, and
I know that we just provided you with a lot
of new information here.
We just want you to have a basic understanding
as to how item analysis works.
If we make any adjustments to scores, that
they of course will affect students, some
positively, but some negatively, so we want
to make sure that we're doing this correctly.
Now when an exam or quiz is over we as the
instructional designers will get a look at
the item analysis report.
We'll go through that.
we'll flag the obvious like a mis-keyed item.
But we're also going to look at the other
statistics and kind of determine, were there
students that answered another question incorrectly,
but a good number of them did so.
We just want the instructor then to take a
look at that to make the determination as
to whether we need to add a second correct
or not.
It may be right the way it is which is, but
this is up to you the faculty, the people
that put this together and did the lectures
to tell us any changes that may need to be
added.
Now I want to go back to a couple of things
that Brea had mentioned.
First of all, mis-keyed items.
If we see that 90% of students answered it
incorrectly, we'll have to assume that there's
a mis-key.
So we'll go back to the original document
the instructor sent us and if it's mis-keyed
on our end we'll of course make that change
and re-score the exam.
However, sometimes, it's the instructor that
provided us with, you know highlighted the
wrong answer, so we'll send that back to the
instructor and then it's up to them to tells,
"Hey change that from A to B," for example.
Now something I do want to mention here about
bonus points.
Now keep in mind that if we make a question
a bonus, the students that got it correct
to begin with, don't get an extra point.
They just get the same point as everybody
else.
What happens with a bonus question, let's
say it's a 25-question exam.
It'll re-score it as a 24-question exam and
then everybody gets a point for the 25th question.
So it's possible then for students to have
more than 100% as they score 25 out of 24.
Now another option is to accept all answers,
a-b-c-d and e.
What happens here is that it still scores
it as, once again as a 25-question exam the
way it was set up originally, but now everybody
gets credit for that one question.
So again the student that had that right to
begin with, doesn't get any additional credit.
They just get the same point as everybody
else.
Kinda keep that in mind.
Now we're going to wrap it up here.
I just wanted to show you some of the resources
that we went to.
We got a lot of information from Examsoft
itself, but there are others doing research
in this area, and if you click on some those
links I think you'll find them rather informative.
So having said that I think we'll wrap it
up here.
Of course if you have any questions please
contact us at The Office of Educational Development,
and our email address is chsoed@okstate.edu.
So that being said, I thank you for your time
and I hope you a wonderful rest of the day!